talk to it top baby killer what you in
her name sours your bunny
yes Amanda are you Amanda I can remember
you're 25 okay you won't remember
licious pretty face forever once a
minute please say her name she want to
remember your face
pretty face forever sorry mommy
sorry you'll come again no she's mean to
you
it's kind of creepy Chucky okay then
you're to money it's got a new mommy
here we're hurry up sir mommy now you
see your mommy now yes please
I can teach you and it ain't my mama's
you want station lunch
oh please call you mama she found her
behind you new mommy huh okay let's play
huh okay this place was boy mom and her
toy mom she's calling you mommy coming
to you know okay mommy
I'll try and go potty you try go potty
it's okay mommy hi mr. potty now nothing
bad for you party put me on the bottom
run take a put her on a badly it's a
dead girl can she say bye she will about
you say I love you Charlie she you love
him alright we push out squeeze your
hand
talk gianna actually puts donor cell
phone chiming say all your mom's you try
next time and it's ah Amanda she needs a
hug he could district you know love it
for Amanda you're changing it would be
exhausting oh she loved you yeah me too
with no has do you ever Taylor
hey your men don't want you watching you
too mommy
yeah well she's not a man's mom okay hey
I'm sorry good girl okay we'll turn it
over
can I come what whoa she would flip okay
my picking Rami go to sleep don't sleep
don't sleep
Oh mommy
yeah baby got it go ahead and talk to me
sure that is your mommy now all right
dr. beter that's all time what the joke
judge each other go into psych a real
baby oh wow madness sad why'd you get
make Amanda's sad top a mean that's why
you said watch your mouth yeah man it's
sad money
yeah she's s you what should you do now
like you can tell me to do it's time to
eat weird to the potty
what oh look at shake go today mommy
go to sleep yeah yeah
no don't you go sleep no I said no yeah
no man your grandma's been mean to you
kid should have come to the potty
remember Tom are you a birthday girl
whoa let's not go home with me yeah not
today
we're not that he done
yeah no she talks all she's got from
that bag of it oh yeah did you tell her
yes shall we go